Improve documentation (#27)
sixfeetup/cookiecutter-sixiedjango: {{cookiecutter.project_slug}}/Readme.md

If you need to update version pins for your project:

> * make or add the change in the appropriate requirements/*.in file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* make changes in the appropriate requirements/*.in file
```

Reviewer: How should a developer know what the appropriate requirements files are? We should give some guidance on when to update `base.in` and `local.in`. Dev dependencies should not be added to `base.in`, for instance.
